Add clang-tidy check readability-use-builtin-literals (#2)
BenBlaise/llvm-project: clang-tools-extra/docs/clang-tidy/checks/readability/use-builtin-literals.rst

.. title:: clang-tidy - readability-use-builtin-literals

readability-use-builtin-literals
================================

Finds literals explicitly casted to a type that could be expressed using builtin prefixes or suffixes.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In elementary cases, provides automated fix-it hints.

```

.. code-block: c++

>     (char16_t)U'a'; // -> u'a'

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be `(char16_t)'a'`?

Author: Originally I put it there to illustrate that superfluous sequences will be stripped before the correct one is added. I swapped it with the second one to make it less jarring.

>     (char16_t)U'a'; // -> u'a'
>     (char)'a'; // -> 'a'
>     static_cast<unsigned int>(0x1ul); // -> 0x1u
>     reinterpret_cast<long long int>(3ll); // -> 3LL
>     float(2.); // -> 2.f
>     double{2.}; // -> 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (char16_t)U'a';                       // -> u'a'
    (char)'a';                            // -> 'a'
    static_cast<unsigned int>(0x1ul);     // -> 0x1u
    reinterpret_cast<long long int>(3ll); // -> 3LL
    float(2.);                            // -> 2.f
    double{2.};                           // -> 2.
```
Maybe it would be visually more pleasing when rendered into HTML if the indications of how stuff is fixed line up appropriately.

> Defined for character, integer and floating literals. Removes any suffixes or prefixes before applying the one that corresponds to the type of the cast. Long values will always have uppercase ``L`` recommended, conforming to ``readability-uppercase-literal-suffix``.

Reviewer: If you do the following, the documentation page will create a clickable link to the other check's documentation. :wink: See https://clang.llvm.org/extra/clang-tidy/checks/cert/dcl16-c.html.
```suggestion
Defined for character, integer and floating literals. Removes any suffixes or prefixes before applying the one that corresponds to the type of the cast. Long values will always have uppercase ``L`` recommended, conforming to :doc:`readability-uppercase-literal-suffix <../readability/uppercase-literal-suffix>`.
```

> In elementary cases, provides a fix-it hint. An explicit cast within a macro will be matched, but will only yield a suggestion for a manual fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In elementary cases, provides a fix-it hint. An explicit cast within a macro are matched, but only yields a suggestion for a manual fix.
```

> In elementary cases, provides a fix-it hint. An explicit cast within a macro is matched, but yields only a suggestion for a manual fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An explicit cast within a macro is matched, but yields only a suggestion for a manual fix.
```

.. code-block: c++

    #define OPSHIFT ((unsigned)27)
    OPSHIFT; // warning: use builtin 'u' instead of cast to 'unsigned int'

> Otherwise, if either the destination type or the literal was substituted from a macro, no warning will be produced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, if either the destination type or the literal was substituted from a macro, no warnings are produced.
```

.. code-block: c++

    #define INT_MAX 2147483647
    static_cast<unsigned>(INT_MAX); // no warning

    #define INTTYPE unsigned
    (INTTYPE)31; // no warning

> Explicit casts within templates will also be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explicit casts within templates are also ignored.
```
